The Gaming Room was our client that wanted us to port their game, "Draw It Or Lose It" to multiple platforms. When developing the documentation, I think it was very easy for me to not only find a suitable cloud platform to host the software on, but also to find a universal language solution that would enable the company to significantly reduce costs during development.
The design document helped to highlight the exact features that needed to be worked on in code, as well as how each piece of the puzzle should interact with each other.
If I were to improve part of the documentation, it would be the early pieces focuses on code. Now that I've made the changes to the codebase, I have a better understanding of what is going to change and how the pieces work together and I believe I could more accurately reflect that in the documentation.
Interpreting a user's needs is never an exact science. I simply tried to strip it down to the bare bones of what needs to interact with what, and what needs to exist to facilitate those interactions. It is important to remember that while something can be done, it may not be necessary and may place further burden on the client, either financially, or technically. Not all clients are capable of handling software development in-house, and it is important to keep things as simple as possible for those clients. Likewise, not all clients have big budgets, and so keeping hardware costs low can be beneficial to them.
I don't have any specific approaches other than what I already detailed. I do think getting to work on software with as many pieces that all needed to be changed will help me in the future, giving me a better understanding of how multiple pieces interact with each other.
